RHDEVDOCS-3866 Merging the accessing perspectives sections (#52924)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/about-developer-perspective.adoc

* Group components within an application and connect the components within and across applications.
* Integrate serverless capabilities (Technology Preview).
* Create workspaces to edit your application code using Eclipse Che.

> You can use the *Topology* view to display the list of all the projects in your cluster. If you have no workloads or applications in the project, the *Topology* view displays the available options to create applications. If you have existing workloads, the *Topology* view graphically displays your workload nodes.

Reviewer: `You can use the *Topology* view to display the list of all the projects in your cluster`

this doesn't seem very right, topology view is meant to list all the applications/workloads

Author: @invincibleJai, this section's content is not created but only moved from Accessing the Developer Perspective to About Developer Perspective. Are you sure if you want to change this? If yes, I can rephrase the first line.

Reviewer: @shreyasiddhartha can you point me to that?

Reviewer 2: Agree with Jai, also if its moved we should improve this anyway. The topology view is about showing workloads.

You want to change the first sentence to

```suggestion
You can use the *Topology* view to display applications, components and workloads of your project. If you have no workloads in the project, the *Topology* view will show some links to create or import them. You can also use the *Quick Search* to import components directly.
```

Reviewer: yeah above suggestion looks good technically and depending on the context can add if no namespace/project is selected and the user goes to the developer perspective then the topology view shows the list of namespaces/projects if any exist.

Author: Thanks @jerolimov. The above suggestion looks good to me as well. I'm adding an additional serial comma before "and" in the suggested changes.
